# CS-210-Project
Project 3 of CS-210 SNHU 2023
This project was to create an item tracker. The tracker was utilized to find items in a file, get the frequency the item showed up, and display the number of times the item showed up. It also created a backup of the data, and could display all the items in the list with a number of times each were in the list through both a number and a histogram. The problem solving was how to gather the data into storage in the program temporarily, get a count of each item, and then back up the data to a file.
I believe the code was fairly efficient, while I could improve the loops I was more concerned with simplifying the code to be easy to understand and unlikely to fail.
I believe with c++ the most difficult thing for me is learning all the different modules that can be utilized, and that I haven't even touched the surface of them. The hardest part is just remembering how each are used, compared to other languages.
Since the project was pretty general, most of the parts can be brought to other projects and reworked to fit the use-case. Reading and writing to files, utilizing try catch statements properly, retrieving frequency of a specific object in a file, all of these things can be utilized in many different scenarios, and some need to be used in every scenario if it's interfacing with a end user.
To make everything easy to understand I organized what I could that wouldn't just make the process inefficient. Adapting the code wouldn't be hard either depending on what it's adapted to, such as utilizing the input and output streams or the map. Keeping it simple makes it good for future reference and readability.
